PROJ-173 Design intro (#124)
SW805F20/report: sections/introduction/MVP.tex

\section{Minimum viable product}\label{sec:mvp}
To be able to evaluate the game with users as fast as possible, we establish a minimal viable product with functional and non-functional requirements.
In \autoref{sec:design-intro} we explained how context is an important part of designing a mobile application.
Before establishing the requirements, the context will thus be analyzed.

\subsection{The context for the application}\label{subsec:context}
In terms of context, there is a distinction between \textit{Context} and \textit{context}.
\textit{Context} enables better understanding of a thing by adding information to it \cite{MobileDesign}.
In order to provide \textit{Context}, certain questions can be answered:
\begin{itemize}
    \item What problems are you designing a solution for?
    \item Who are the users, what is known about them and how will they interact with the design?
    \item What interaction is happening?
\end{itemize}

> The problem the solution is designed for is the question of how to use Pozyx in order to create a virtual reality-based game.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The problem the solution is designed for is the question of how to use a positional based system in order to create a virtual reality-based game.
```

> The users will be from within a broad range, though they will requirement access to a Pozyx system, narrowing it down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The users will be from within a broad range, though they will require access to a  positional based system, narrowing it down.
```
